Clarify ACK Delay and reference host-delay (#3971)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

ACK Delay:

: A variable-length integer representing the intentional delay in microseconds
  between when the largest acknowledged packet, as indicated in the Largest
  Acknowledged field, was received, and when the ACK frame was sent;

>   see {{host-delay}}.  The value of the ACK Delay field is scaled by

Reviewer: Including the encoding/unit details in the description makes this a very hard sentence to swallow.  I can only think of ways to make this longer though...

This value represents the length of the delay between when the largest acknowledged packet, as indicated in the Largest Acknowledged field, was received, and when the ACK frame was sent; see {{host-delay}}.  ACK Delay is encoded as a variable-length integer with a value that is derived by dividing the delay in microseconds by 2 to the power of the value of the ack_delay_exponent transport parameter set by the sender of the ACK frame; see {{transport-parameter-definitions}}.  To decode the value, the encoded variable-length integer value is multiplied by 2 to the power of the ack_delay_exponent transport parameter to obtain a value in microseconds.  Scaling in this fashion allows ...

Author: I flipped the ordering of this sentence, but I agree it was already too long.  I'm going to work off of @martinthomson suggestion and move the units to a separate sentence.

Author: I tried to reword, thought in the end I'm not sure I ended up using @martinthomson text or not.

Removing microseconds from the first sentence makes this clearer to me, since the ACK Delay field is definitely not in microseconds, the decoded acknowledgement delay is.

Reviewer 2: @ianswett: You're going to conflict with changes in #3946, which rephrases this as well.

Author: Agreed, I can fix the conflicts if this lands second.  I'm more concerned with getting this text correct.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I've done a full rework of the paragraph.

> : A variable-length integer encoding the intentional delay between when the
>   largest acknowledged packet, as indicated in the Largest Acknowledged field,
>   was received, and when the ACK frame was sent; see {{host-delay}}.
>   The acknowledgement delay in microseconds is the value of the ACK Delay
>   field multiplied by 2 to the power of the ack_delay_exponent transport
>   parameter sent by the sender of the ACK frame;
>   see {{transport-parameter-definitions}}.  Scaling in this fashion allows for
>   a larger range of values with a shorter encoding at the cost of lower
>   resolution.  Because the receiver doesn't use the ACK Delay for Initial and
>   Handshake packets, a sender SHOULD send a value of 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: A variable-length integer encoding the acknowledgement delay in
  microseconds; see {{host-delay}}. It is decoded by multiplying the
  value in the field by 2 to the power of the ack_delay_exponent transport
  parameter sent by the sender of the ACK frame; see
  {{transport-parameter-definitions}}.  This encoding allows for a large
  range of values, although it sacrifices some resolution.
  
  Since the acknowledgement delay is not used for Initial and Handshake
  packets, the ACK Delay field in acknowledgements for those packet types
  SHOULD be set to 0.
```

Also, I would move this last paragraph up to the host-delay section.

Reviewer 2: The description of the delay is already in the host delay section. We can fix that section if necessary, but let's not repeat the same text down here.

Reviewer: That last bit won't format correctly.  You need a ': ' at the start of the line, or maybe we could move it elsewhere.

Reviewer 2: I think it can be moved up to the host delay section.

Author: Agreed, I'll move the last bit down to the host delay section.

Author: Thanks, I kept most of the existing sentence about size vs resolution, but otherwise took your suggestion @janaiyengar

ACK Delay:

: A variable-length integer encoding the acknowledgement delay in
  microseconds; see {{host-delay}}. It is decoded by multiplying the
  value in the field by 2 to the power of the ack_delay_exponent transport
  parameter sent by the sender of the ACK frame; see

>   {{transport-parameter-definitions}}. Scaling in this way allows for a
>   large range of values with a shorter encoding at the cost of lower
>   resolution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  {{transport-parameter-definitions}}. Compared to simply expressing
  the delay as an integer, this encoding allows for a larger range of
  values within the same number of bytes, at the cost of lower resolution.
```
